Adding doc on model archiving (#1472)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/programming_vivarium/archiving_models/index.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 1

The archival process is documented quite well by engineering on this `archiving a simulation Hub page <https://hub.ihme.washington.edu/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=SSE&title=Archiving+a+Simulation+Model+Repository>`_. Therefore, 
this page will not go into as much depth to avoid duplicating information.

Archiving a project is the process of storing information and data 
in order to make it publically available. Zenodo is an open repository 
we use to accomplish this. Basically, archiving a repository is 

> adding data to the repo, checking to make sure the informaiton is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adding data to the repo, checking to make sure the information is 
```

intelligible and correct for non-simulation science individuals, and 
creating a referenceable version of the GitHub repo on Zenodo. 

The archiving process can be summarized in 4 steps: 

#. Adding artifacts 
#. Updating repository information
#. Running a replication test 
#. Obtaining a DOI from Zenodo 

Some more background and callouts for each step is included below. 

Adding Artifacts
----------------

> When building simulations, we store artifacts on the cluster not on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building simulations, we store artifacts on the cluster instead of on 
```

the GitHub repository because storing large files on GitHub is difficult 
and can make cloning and working on the repo much slower. 
Therefore, once the model is complete we need to add the artifacts 
to repo so that external users can run the model without cluster access. 

This process is well documented on the `archiving a simulation Hub page <https://hub.ihme.washington.edu/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=SSE&title=Archiving+a+Simulation+Model+Repository>`_. 
With some helpful tips on the `sim sci tip sheet <https://hub.ihme.washington.edu/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=234493419>`_. 

Updating Repository Information
-------------------------------

There are 2 files you should check for accuracy at this point: 

#. :code:`.zenodo.json` which needs to include the Orcid IDs for everyone who worked on the project 
#. :code:`README.rst` which needs to be accurate to the actual steps needed for running a simulation. The goal is that someone can read these instructions and successfully clone the repo and run a simulation. This file is best updated in tandem with step 3 - running a replication test. 

.. todo::

>   Add link to Orcid ID reference that I am fairly confident was created based on `this slack thread <https://ihme.slack.com/archives/C221EE33J/p1704324609813369>`_ but can't locate. 

Reviewer 2: I believe it is stored on the cluster at `/mnt/team/simulation_science/priv/orcid.json`.

Author: Wow... the number of times I've asked for this...
